DOMRect instance properties (#36704)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domrect/y/index.md

---
title: "DOMRect: y property"
short-title: "y"
slug: Web/API/DOMRect/y
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.DOMRect.y
---

{{APIRef("Geometry Interfaces")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`y`** property of the **`DOMRect`** interface represents the y coordinate of the `DOMRect`'s origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`y`** property of the {{domxref("DOMRect")}} interface represents the y-coordinate of the rectangle, which is the vertical distance between the viewport’s top edge and the rectangle’s origin.

When the rectangle's height is non-negative, the rectangle’s vertical origin is the viewport's top edge. If the height has a negative height, the rectangle's vertical origin is the viewport's bottom edge.
```
